Okay, ready?
Here we go.
One Mississippi,
two Mississippi,
three Mississippi,
four Mississippi...
No peeking!
...five Mississippi,
six Mississippi,
seven Mississippi,
eight Mississippi,
nine Mississippi...
ten Mississippi...
eleven Mississ...
Jack?
Jack!
Jack, I can't see you.
Where are you?
Daddy, over here!
What is it?
Wh-What happened?
You all right?
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
You almost ready?
I'm getting dressed.
In that case,
you need some help?
Ha! Stay right where
you are, Mr. Reagan.
Why does it take women
so long to get ready?
Do you think this is easy?
Who knows how to
dress for a midweek
Long Island
destination wedding?
I'm not sure ten stops out
on the LIRR
count as a destination.
If I'm staying at a hotel
it's a destination.
Hey, I mentioned tonight is just
the rehearsal dinner right?
You can save the big guns
for tomorrow's wedding.
I did.
This is just
the appetizer.
What do you think?
I think if I was the bride
I'm calling in sick,
'cause you're gonna
steal the show.
You don't look too shabby
yourself, Mr. Reagan.
Yeah, thanks.
I know I'm just the stand-in;
we're going as friends.
As partners.
Yeah, just a couple
off-duty cops attending
a wedding together.
Is that okay?
Sure.
Let's do this.
Commissioner,
Father Phil's here.
Father Phil.
Welcome to the 14th
floor of One PP.
Thank you for seeing me,
Commissioner.
Come on.
It's still Frank.
Well, it's just that
I've never seen you
with all the trappings
of your office.
Well, we could toss
that football around,
make this more
like usual?
Nah, nah, we're good.
- Sit down.
Coffee?
- Black, please.
And, thank you for seeing
me on such short notice.
How is your
fundraising going?
You getting new uniforms?
And jerseys, yeah.
Thanks to your help.
Well, a few phone calls.
Nothing more.
So...
You know, I'm usually on the
other side of this conversation.
Well, I always wondered
what it would be like
sitting on your side
of the confessional screen.
Yes.
I'm very often
grateful for the screen
as much as the penitent is.
But if you were the guy
in my seat
you'd be telling the guy in your
seat to spit it out already.
I'm stalling, I know.
There's a 15-year-old-boy in
our parish who's gone missing.
How long has he been missing?
48 hours.
Have the parents filed
a missing persons report?
They have.
I'll talk to
the precinct commander.
Well, no.
It's not that.
The-the police, they're
doing the best they can
with... what they have.
What don't they have,
that you do?
I know where the boy
is being held.
Where?
I can't say.
Your voice is working just fine,
Father.
I was told of his whereabouts
during a confession.
I'm bound by
the sacramental seal.
Hey, there's a homeless shelter
a few blocks from here.
Maybe she's from there?
How many homeless people you
know got a French manicure?
Yeah, this is no bottle blonde.
With fancy jewelry
and Park Avenue teeth.
She's not homeless.
She's not a Jane Doe, either.
I recognize her.
This is Lindsey Wentworth.
Somebody I'm
supposed to know?
Nah. She's a socialite.
He's right. She is.
How do you know that?
My wife loves Page Six.
Um, you were saying that you
were meeting another couple...
Yeah. We were, supposed
to be meeting friends
for dinner at Bouchon,
and when she didn't show,
I started calling her,
but it kept going
straight to voicemail.
Was it like your
wife to go missing
for long periods of time?
No. She was
always very prompt.
So that's why,
when she didn't show,
I called the cops.
Right. And that
was at 10:00 p.m.
Yeah. That's right.
The person I spoke to
said that they couldn't take
a missing persons report.
They'd keep an eye out for her.
All right.
And you were meeting
another couple.
Would it be possible
for us to speak to them?
Yeah, sure.
It was,
Lindsey's sister, Elaine
and, her husband John.
I hate
to ask you this right now,
I know this is a
difficult time for you,
but were you and Lindsey having
any kind of problems at all?
No. Not at all.
Nothing like that.
Um...
This is her cell.
You can check
the text messages
between us, you'll see things
were great with us.
She didn't have her phone
with her?
She did
that sometimes.
You know, if she was,
exercising
or-or just going for a walk.
She called it cutting the cord.
Well, thank you for this,
and, um, we'll be in touch
as soon as we hear anything.
Again, sorry for your loss.
Thank you.
What was with that look
you gave me?
This.
What? Something
in the texts?
I remembered at
the crime scene,
when they were
bagging the evidence,
Lindsey had a cell
phone in her pocket.
She's got two phones?
Yeah, but her husband
only knows about this one.
So you think she
was having an affair.
If anyone knows about
that, it's her sister.
There's very little in here
about results from
canvassing the neighborhood.
They're a little hamstrung
there, boss.
Hamstrung how?
Well, there's no clear
"last-seen."
And all the day-of contacts
the kid had
were completely ordinary.
Well, the kid's gone missing,
which is extraordinary.
Well, there's no evidence
of an abduction,
no ransom demands
or even contact.
It's only been 48 hours.
Which is well past
the usual time frame
for the reach-out
for a kidnapping.
I mean, he could have
just taken a hike,
or, God forbid, committed
suicide somewhere out of sight.
Nothing in his profile
suggests...
Well, nothing suggests
anything, that's my point.
Where do we even start?
I got to ask...
Ask.
- I'm not seeing
what it is about this case
puts it on top
of the pile of the PC's desk.
A friend asked me
to look into it.
A relative of the kid?
No.
Is there something
this friend said
that might help us out here?
Don't you think I'd share it
if there was?
I'm sorry, boss. I'm just--
I'm a little confused.
Me, too. Could you be a little
less enigmatic?
My friend is bound
by a kind of oath
in regards to sharing what
he knows about the situation.
Like a mob thing?
No. Not a mob thing.
But just as strict and severe
in terms of the consequences
of telling what he knows.
I don't get it.
If he can't tell us anything,
why did he come see you?
He wants to help but he
just doesn't know how.
Is that the bride-to-be?
The future
Mrs. Rotkowski.
She looks beautiful, man.
As does your date.
We're just partners.
I'm sorry.
No, it's-it's fine.
Happens all the time.
I, for one, am thrilled
to hear this news.
What's that?
She's single.
Great to meet you... Derek.
Eddie.
Love it. Something so hot
when a girl
- has a boy's name.
- Everyone,
Derek is my partner,
and, as you can see,
he's painfully shy.
This is Jamie.
We used to work
together in the city.
You guys are NYPD.
That's right.
Hey, how many
NYPD cops does it take
to change a light bulb?
Thanks, but I'll pass.
Derek.
What? It's just a joke.
Fine, I'll bite, how many?
Six. One to do it,
five to smash the old bulb.
Seriously? You think
that's funny?
Did you come up with that
all by yourself, Derek?
No. I read it online.
He's just kidding, guys.
Must be nice to have that kind
of time on your hands.
Guess that's what happens when
all you have to do all day
is write a couple
speeding tickets.
You think we don't do
real police work out here?
Nah, we carry Glocks
in our holsters,
not radar guns, but...
You think that's funny?
I think it's funnier
than your lame joke.
Okay, that's enough.
Everybody settle down
and have a drink.
This is a party.
Let's party.
Hey.
Forget about him,
let's go dance.
Nah. I'm a terrible dancer.
You don't have to be good,
you just have to be fun.
I'm gonna have
another drink instead.
Lindsey's husband said
he met you for dinner,
but that Lindsey didn't show up.
That's right.
Can I ask you how Stuart
seemed that night?
He was concerned.
It wasn't like her to just
not show up.
He called her
a bunch of times.
We all did.
And after about,
half an hour?
He insisted
on calling the police.
What was your impression
of their marriage,
if you don't mind me asking?
Great.
Very happy.
Stuart was crazy
about Lindsey.
They had a-a very good marriage,
better than most.
Isn't that right?
No question.
That's good.
Then why do you think
it is that...
she had a second cell phone?
Didn't know
that she did.
Yeah, her husband
didn't know that either.
I didn't know either.
Really? Well,
that's interesting,
because I checked
her cell phone records,
and both cells had calls
from you.
Sweetie,
can you give me a minute?
Yeah.
Sure.
You want to tell me
what's going on?
Lindsey had a secret.
Yeah, k-kind of gathered
that much.
You have to swear you won't tell
anything to Stuart.
This would kill him,
not to mention
her children.
She was having an affair?
- No.
She was a hooker.
What?
Well, a...
high-priced call girl, anyway.
Bless me, Father,
for I have sinned.
It has been three months
since my last confession.
These are my sins.
I have sinned in
thought and in deed.
I have to ask a man
something I have
no right to ask of him.
- Frank...
And if he refuses,
I cannot accept it.
Is what you want of value
for him
or just for you?
It is of value to both of us.
But most importantly to a
15-year-old boy and his family.
No.
I am asking a man,
a good man,
to break his oath
to save a boy's life.
I am not a man.
I'm a priest.
You are both.
Father, wait.
You're right.
You have no right
to ask that of me.
I know. And yet I'm asking.
If I do what you're suggesting,
that is a violation
of my holy oath.
Father, it's just you and me
standing here.
Wrong, Frank.
There's a third.
He is always standing with us.
Yes, our most merciful God...
Whose seal of the confessional
is a duty
I'm charged with protecting.
And that boy
I am charged with protecting.
Then find him.
That's the duty
you're charged with.
Then help me.
I just did.
According to her sister,
she was on a girls' trip
a couple years ago to Vegas.
She got drunk and ended up
cheating on her husband.
That's an affair,
not prostitution.
But it's Vegas, you know?
She got all dolled up.
She looks like a million bucks.
The guy assumed she was a pro,
so he slides her a few hundreds
when they're done.
What? I would've
smacked him in his face.
That's exactly
what she did.
But later on,
on the plane,
she starts replaying the
whole evening in her head
and getting
turned on by it.
And next thing you know,
she takes a solo trip
to the Mile High Club.
Shut up.
Right from her sister's mouth.
Apparently Lindsey
discovered some kinky side
that she never
knew she had.
So, what, she comes home
and she starts hooking?
No, not right away. But
eventually she finds herself
getting in touch with
a high-end agency.
One thing leads
to another.
I swear, no matter how many
years I spend in this city,
it's always got another
crazy surprise up its sleeve.
Eight million stories...
$5,000 a night?
An hour, dear.
Margaret Middleton girls
are one of a kind,
each one uniquely qualified
to provide our clients
with a memorable experience.
Well,
my wife is uniquely qualified
to provide me
with a memorable experience,
and it doesn't cost me
five grand.
Our clients are
high-end executives,
very discerning.
They come to us
because only we can provide them
with both discretion and access
to the most beautiful
and refined women
in the world.
How much discretion?
- I don't follow.
- Well, a john is a john.
Whether he's in a pin-striped
suit or a sweat suit,
he's still
just a john.
Are any of your high-end johns
into smacking
girls around?
Our girls come first.
Any client deemed undesirable
for any reason
has their membership revoked.
Were any of Lindsey's johns
deemed undesirable
and had their memberships
revoked?
Like I said,
discretion is paramount
at Margaret Middleton.
I'm not at liberty
to divulge names of clients
or former clients.
- Well,
which is more paramount to you,
keeping your discretion
or keeping your business?
His name is Gordon Rykert.
Okay. What can you tell me
about Mr. Gordon Rykert?
He grew infatuated
with Lindsey-- or Kate,
as she's known here.
Offered $100,000
for exclusivity.
She wasn't interested.
Bet he didn't like that.
We had an unpleasant exchange
of e-mails
over the matter.
In the end, it was a mutual
decision to part company.
He make threats?
Like I said, it...
was an unpleasant conversation.
May I ask what this is about?
We're just
curious.
You're just curious
where I was at 8:00 on Monday.
Just curious.
Well, I was
probably at the gym.
Probably?
I go there most nights
after work.
This was just
two nights ago.
Were you at the gym
two nights ago?
I'm sorry, but,
I'm just not comfortable
answering these questions
without knowing the nature
of your inquiry.
Okay, well, here's the nature
of our inquiry, Mr. Rykert.
Did you know this girl?
No, I don't think so.
You probably know her as Kate.
She looks vaguely familiar
but not really ringing a bell.
Well, how 'bout I ring your bell
for you?
These are e-mails you sent
to her via her escort service.
"Trust me, you blanking blank,
"you and that little blank will
live to regret this decision.
Mark my blanking words."
Okay. I knew her.
So what?
- So she's dead.
A decision I'm
sure she regrets.
Mark my blanking words.
Okay, I'm gonna stop you
right there.
I had nothing-- I repeat,
nothing-- to do with her death.
Where were you Monday night
at 8:00, Mr. Rykert?
I'm not saying anything.
I need to speak
with my attorney.
Maybe this'll help.
I don't need help.
Yes, you do.
You did a
shameful thing.
No, I did not.
Yes, you did.
And you know it.
And no amount of
Doris Kearns Goodwin
on how our great leaders
made the sausages
is gonna distract you.
Will you leave me alone
so I can at least try?
No.
What the hell else
am I supposed to do, Pop?
Put yourself in
Father Phil's shoes.
I am. And I still come out
in favor of state over church,
a kid's welfare
over some ancient edict.
And he's earned his right
to protect the seal.
How?
You confess your sins,
you say your three Hail Marys,
you drop some change
in the poor box on the way out.
As I was taught to do.
Yes. But
the priest,
he's left with your sins.
He absorbs your sins.
He prays for you.
As he took a vow to do.
Yes.
And he has nothing
but smiles and good cheer
for the cheating husband
and his innocent family
when he sees them at church
after mass on Sunday.
This costs a priest.
Times all the sinners,
times all the years.
He is on the job,
in his own way.
I ever tell you
Father Phil took the NYPD exam
before he went in the seminary?
Well, doesn't surprise me,
if truth be told.
I don't know what the shrinks
would call it.
You're drawn
to a life of sacrifice.
If you ever find out,
I don't want to know.
Hey, man.
- Hey.
Why aren't you
out there with her?
Medical condition.
Doc says I got two left feet.
You sure you two
are just partners?
Pretty sure. Yeah.
And for what it's worth,
me and Jen used to be
"just friends."
Looks like your boy
just got lost.
Hey, take it easy. Remember,
she's just your partner.
Yeah. So I'm just
looking out for her.
He's just dancing.
Hey. I got this,
all right? I'm cool.
- Is there a problem here?
- Yeah, we just got a call.
There's a cat up in a tree.
They need you guys urgently.
I let the last one slide, man.
Not this one.
What are you gonna do,
write me a parking ticket?
I got this. I can talk
to this guy, all right?
Okay, Counselor,
you said you want to talk.
Well, start talking.
Want to be very clear
here at the outset
that my client had absolutely
nothing to do with the death
of Lindsey Wentworth,
who he knew to be "Kate."
Okay. But?
It's a delicate matter,
Detective.
Actually, it's a
cold-blooded murder, and your
client is suspect numero uno.
I have information that will
fully exonerate Mr. Rykert.
That's great.
Can't wait to hear it.
First, I need
assurances from you
that you'll agree to our terms.
Think maybe you better take
another look at your hand.
'Cause you're not
holding any cards here.
Detective, please,
all we're asking for
is a little discretion,
some courtesy.
Discretion?
You do realize
that with these e-mails,
there's already enough
to call a grand jury.
Now, that may not be enough
to ensure an indictment,
but it is enough
to ensure a perp walk
right past the cameras
for your client.
- Is that discreet enough for you?
- Detectives,
Mr. Rykert is
a happily-married man
of over 15 years.
So happy he spent
over 50 grand on hookers?
I'm sure his wife would love
to learn
about that.
That's exactly the kind of
situation I'm trying to avoid.
Seems like you're trying
to avoid a lot more than that.
Now I know you lawyers get paid
by the hour, which is great,
'cause you can pad your bills
all you want, but we don't.
So if you got an alibi for us,
why don't you tell us
what the hell it is, okay?
He was having dinner with his
wife at the time of the murder.
And you want us
to take your word for it
so we don't have to speak
to the missus...
For fear she will learn
the nature of our inquiry.
It would be greatly appreciated.
It would also be
greatly unprofessional, so, no.
- And a lot less fun.
- Yeah.
Detectives...
If your client
didn't want
his wife to know he was a creep,
then he shouldn't have been
such a creep.
Can't really argue with that.
And Danny's oldest is starting
to look at colleges.
Is Fordham
on that list?
I hope so.
Notre Dame?
I have some
pull there, too.
Well, I appreciate that.
Which brings us
to the matter at hand.
Which is?
We have a situation.
We?
I have a situation,
and it's time sensitive.
Well, I'm all ears.
You have,
surveillance cameras
at St. Mary's
in the Bronx.
I'm not sure,
but I'll inquire.
It's a statement,
not a question.
Well, then
I'll take your word for it.
What's going on?
I need copies of the tapes.
You're not seriously
asking that of me, are you?
I am.
It's a statement,
not a question.
And the answer is,
respectfully, no.
I'm afraid I'll have to insist.
Insist?
- Yes.
Police business.
What kind of business?
A credible threat.
Against who?
I'm not at liberty to say.
You're not at liberty to say?
If this were a mosque
or a temple,
would you be questioning
my intent?
But it's not.
It's a Roman Catholic church.
It's not the Vatican,
not its own city-state.
Just a parish church
that might be a place
of interest
in a credible threat.
You say "credible threat"
like it's a magical phrase
that opens all doors.
I can get a subpoena.
Now, come on, Frank.
For security tapes,
surveillance footage
of the comings and goings
at an archdiocese church.
What's everyone's next question?
Who's the priest?
Who's the victim?
The times we live in.
Just between us.
I wouldn't have it
any other way.
My detectives will be there
in ten minutes.
You might want to call over.
Think you might have enjoyed
that a little bit too much.
Did you see that creep groveling
for forgiveness from his wife?
What's not to
enjoy about that?
Look, I enjoyed it, too,
but his alibi checked out,
and now we don't have
any suspects left.
Well, let's go
back to the area
and see if there were
any surveillance cameras.
Maybe we missed something.
We've been there
three times.
We didn't miss anything,
trust me.
Where's Big Brother
when you need him?
Well, I'm starting to think
only God knows how Lindsey died.
Maybe we should talk to him.
What is it?
There may actually be
an eye in the sky.
An eye in the sky?
I got a buddy who works with the
feds. Apparently, there's some
Department of Agriculture
classified satellite up there
in the sky that takes pictures
of the soil in the city
to check on erosion and stuff.
Soil erosion?
I think you've gone
a little bit off track, partner.
What does it matter why
there's a camera up in the sky
taking pictures round the clock,
as long as there is a camera
up in the sky
taking pictures
around the clock?
So you're thinking they got
Lindsey's murder on film?
It's worth taking a shot
to find out.
How'd you sleep?
Like a baby.
A baby with a black eye
in a county lock-up.
How long
you been out here?
About five minutes.
Thanks for having my back
last night.
Yeah, thanks for
starting it.
I didn't start it.
You kind of did.
More than kind of.
He started it
with the NYPD cracks.
So now you got thin skin
about the police department?
It was insulting.
I've been on the
street with you
when people have said way worse
to you about your own father,
and you just laugh it off.
What are you saying, Eddie?
Just spit it out.
You got pissed 'cause
that guy had his eye on me.
This is about you?
No. This is about you
sending signals about us,
but never copping to it.
No pun intended.
What signals? That guy got
in my grill, plain and simple.
It's smart not to want
what you can't have,
but first, you have to admit
that you don't want it,
just so everybody's clear.
I'm confused.
Aren't we all?
Great.
- You got it.
So sit in the second
to the last booth in the back
and await instructions.
We're heading back.
Why do I feel like I'm
in a James Bond movie?
Guy says he's with
the feds, which means
he can't have whatever he's
giving us traced back to him.
So now what?
We just sit here?
Yeah, we sit and await
instructions, like it says.
Is that him?
I don't know the number.
Maybe it's Jason Bourne.
Reagan.
Okay.
That was fast.
He said order lunch.
Are you sure
your friend isn't just having
some fun pulling your leg?
Order lunch.
Appears Big Brother
was watching.
And look what he saw.
Took a taxi.
We can blow that up,
get his medallion number.
Already done.
Impressive.
- Reagan.
Daniel... Reagan.
Is aviation in place?
Yes, and ESU is
on the scene.
As soon as they can
secure the rear,
they're gonna
hit the front.
It's a go
as soon as they're in place.
Excuse me, Commissioner.
Father Phillip just showed up.
In my office.
Father.
Sit down.
Why are you here?
I came to a decision.
I want to...
- Stop!
Please.
I've taken two oaths--
to my faith and to my job.
I had no right to ask you
to make a choice
I hadn't made myself.
What do you mean?
We have a name--
Mitchell Downey.
The boy is there.
But... how?
He helps those
who help themselves.
This our guy?
Yup. Medallion number 36Z1.
Beautiful.
Pablo Salazar?
...no.
...yeah.
- Who are you?
- Police.
We're gonna have a little chat.
I didn't do anything. I swear.
Come on. We spoke to your boss.
We know it was you
driving that taxi.
That's your cab
right there.
You trying to tell us
that's not you?
Yeah, it's me, but...
I didn't hurt that girl.
Then what are you doing
outside of the cab,
standing over her
in the park?
I was... taking her wallet.
Taking her wallet? Why?
You just randomly happened
upon this dead
woman in the park,
and decided you were
gonna steal her wallet?
I didn't steal it!
He told me to go back for it!
Who's he?
- My passenger.
Who's your passenger?!
I don't know his name.
He got in my cab, and he gave me
$1,000 to follow that girl.
How long did you follow her for?
Not long. We started
when she came out of the hotel.
Then she was crossing
through the park on foot,
and that's when
he told me to stop.
When he told you to stop?
Where? Right here?
He was very upset.
He got out of my cab
screaming and yelling.
Then he hit her.
I didn't know what to do,
so I started to call 911.
That's interesting.
Because we checked
the 911 records,
and guess what?
Nobody called 911
about a woman being
assaulted in a park.
Because before
I could make the call,
he was already back in my cab.
And the woman?
She's dead.
Just like that.
It happened so fast.
You still could've called 911.
But you didn't.
Instead you took a wallet
out of dead woman's pocket. Why?
He told me to. I...
He said he couldn't go back.
He couldn't look at her.
Okay, let me get this straight.
Some strange person
gets in your taxi,
tells you to follow a woman,
makes you park illegally,
gets out, kills her,
then sends you
to take her wallet
from her dead body?
And you do it
just because he said so?!
Did he have a gun
to your head or something?
No.
Then why?
$30,000. That's why.
A drop in the bucket
for you.
But life-altering for Pablo.
I don't know who that man is.
I don't know
what he's talking about.
- I've never seen him before.
- Yes, you have.
You were the
passenger in his taxi.
That is absolutely not true.
I would like to speak
with my lawyer right now!
Why don't you watch this first?
Did you know they equip
all taxis with these
cameras nowadays?
Pretty cool?
Amazing.
On your feet.
Come on, get
on your feet.
You're under arrest for
the murder of your wife.
You can call your lawyer later.
Under false pretenses!
Nothing false about 'em.
- The term
"credible threat" is a term...
- There was
a very credible threat.
...always used
in conjunction with terrorism!
There was no such threat here!
And I'll thank you
to let me decide
what is a credible
threat in my city!
You played the Church, Frank.
You played the archbishop.
You're referring to yourself
in the third person now.
You are pissed.
The pastor up there,
Father Philip-- you know him.
- Yes.
- He visited you in your office.
- You visited him at St. Mary's.
- Yes.
During a time when a young
parishioner went missing.
And that parishioner
has been found.
Yeah, with great help from
those tapes, I would imagine.
Which brings me here with
this bottle of Scotch
and my sincere thanks.
You used those tapes to learn
the identity of a penitent!
I used
those tapes to identify any
possible person of interest.
I would have no way of knowing
if that person made confession
at St. Mary's.
- No way of knowing.
No heads-up from the pastor?
That heads-up would mean
breaking the seal
of the sacrament,
for him and for me.
I am a lifelong Catholic,
I would remind you.
And I would remind you
that lying is a sin.
Look, I am old school.
I take the wine
with my communion host,
I miss the Latin Mass,
by the way, and
I only do my
reconciliations
kneeling in the confessional.
All right, have it your way,
Frank, but let me be clear.
If I find out
that Father Phillip
violated his oath in any way,
he will be stripped of
his collar and excommunicated.
That would be
the Church's great mistake.
He is a priest you need
at a time
when they are in short supply.
Not if he turned
against his vows.
He kept his oath.
You have my word, Kevin.
Your word?
Yeah, it's been pretty good in
this town for a long time now.
You could ask around.
Good day, Your Eminence.
So, how was the food in prison?
It wasn't prison, Pop.
It was county lock-up.
So they didn't have food?
They had it.
I just didn't eat it.
Wow. One night in jail, and
you had a hunger strike?
It wasn't a hunger
strike, Danny.
You're the jailhouse-lawyer now, too?
Ha, ha.
I have to say
I'm happy and relieved
that you spent the night
in the clink.
Yeah, well, you're welcome.
Why are you relieved?
Well, 'cause I'm no longer
the only person at this table
to have served time.
One night in holding
is not time.
One night is, too, time.
Well, you weren't the only
one, anyway. I did, too.
You did?
Yes. Once upon a time,
there was a documentary called
Scared Straight.
And not the watered-down
TV version you see now.
In the old days,
the inmates could actually
rough the kids up.
And your grandfather thought
it was the greatest thing
since sliced bread.
I did not.
Yes, you did.
And at the tender age of 12,
I skipped school once,
and he decided
I should get sent upstate
with all those crazy inmates and
get the crap scared out of me.
Three hours. That's not spending
the night in jail. Sorry.
- Really?
- Yeah.
So you sent
your own kid to jail
for skipping school?
He was big on tough love.
I was heading off
bigger trouble.
And I was all for it.
I'm really missing my own
mom and dad right about now.
What about you, Grandpa?
You ever been to jail?
No, of course not.
Francis.
What?
Shore Patrol is not the police,
and the brig is not jail.
And breaking up a bar and
brawling with sailors was what?
Semper Fi.
What's that?
Motto of the Marines
and an excuse for him,
apparently.
Pops, what about you?
- Helped
some pals picketing to unionize
their shop outside Pittsburgh.
We did a weekend, proudly.
That counts.
Wait. So you're the only
Reagan who's never
spent time behind bars?
That's right, and it's gonna
stay that way.
What?
Food's caught
in my throat.
Grandpa, what?
Asbury Park.
Whoa. Wait. What?
You knew about that?
Well, your mom
and her crew...
I didn't have a crew.
...did just about everything
you are not allowed to do
on a public beach at night.
Loud music, bonfire,
drinking, public urination,
skinny-dipping...
no law left unbroken.
- Aah.
- I had them call Danny.
I didn't say anything
to anyone, I swear.
Well, he tried to get her off,
but he didn't
have the pull,
but the CO knew me,
so he gives me a ring
and offers to do me a solid.
And you passed?
As history tells us, yes.
Dad, that place was disgusting!
I still have nightmares!
And look how wonderful
you all turned out.
Sorry I'm late.
I'm glad you made it.
But this place?
What?
Jamie, people
are dancing here.
You don't like dancing.
Right place,
right time, I do. Come on.
Can I get a drink first?
You already had a couple, trying
to decide whether to show up.
Somebody's gonna
make detective.
I am positive we are the
only cops in this joint.
And the only couple
with matching black eyes.
Do you ever think about
what we might be
missing out on?
Yup.
You ever think about what
we might be giving up?
Jamie?
Yeah?
You dance just fine.
== sync, corrected by elderman ==
@elder_man
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org